DOC -- [quickstart] update quickstart (#113)
onflow/flow-js-sdk: packages/fcl/README.md

  - [Custodial Wallet Provider](./src/wallet-provider-spec/custodial.md) -- Documentation for Custodial Wallet Providers.
  - [Non-Custodial Wallet Provider](src/wallet-provider-spec/non-custodial.md) -- **Coming Soon** Documentation for Non-Custodial Wallet Providers.

> # Todo List

Reviewer: Was removing this Todo List intentional?

Author: Yeah, it was feeling a little stable, and arguably has no value for the public.

`@onflow/fcl` is now configured to connect to the Dev Wallet. For more information about how `@onflow/fcl` interacts with Wallet providers, you can view documentation [../dev-wallet](dev wallet)

## Create Additional Accounts

> This application uses a single (root) account to demonstrate the functionality of `@onflow`. If your implementation requires reating additional accounts from the UI, you can use the following transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application uses a single (root) account to demonstrate the functionality of `@onflow`. If your implementation requires creating additional accounts, you can use the following transaction.
```

```
const response = await fcl.send([
    fcl.transaction`
      transaction {
        execute {
          let key = "${p => p.publicKey}"
          let code = "${p => p.code}"

>           AuthAccount(publicKeys: [key.decodeHex()], code: code.decodeHex())

Reviewer 2: After today i think this line will be incorrect

Author: @orodio Sorry about the delay, is the new syntax available for demonstration yet?
